# subway-themed inbuilt h5 game

Our project today is about a feasibility plan & analysis of subway-themed inbuilt h5 game for BWTON travel app.

The plan consists of 10 parts and we'll take a look into it one by one.

First allow me to briefly introduce the corporation BWTON.

It is a company that runs public traffic services, spending most of their captials on subway services. If you pay a little more attention to the travel app that you're using, you may find BWTON is just one of the service providers. Including Alipay.

So I guess BWTON will be our client then, and here's two men on the team, me and bat of course.

So here's the task: the corporation, who has an official travel app, name MaShangXing, is seeking for a better way to get users more tangibly involved in it's app. So they thrashed out a plan as making an inbuilt h5 game for their customers. Just like what Alipay did. At the same time, they need to enrich the app by combining green travel and great charity elements into the game. In order to make the travel app more than a tool.

Right, after knowing the task, we'll have a preliminary requirements anlysis. This part is mostly given by the clients. We have first targets and then game design. 

Targets, as what I call it, is about several fundamental features that the game is expected to posses. There are five features. No.1 ..

Considering it's a game, there are specific requirements for game design.  First subway-themed of course. And also, the game shall include green travel elements as well as a strong sense of engagement.

Suggested Deliverables. This part acclaims from both the client prospective, the Development Team prospective and the game itself for what documents or files are needed in terms of different objects.

So the management documents is for the client. Requirements analysis compiles literally all the requirements from the client. The client shall explains their needs abundantly clear in this document. Design process agenda keeps the developing process in record, from timeline to milestones, or any changes in the middle of the process. Source code version control, keep track of the project, so they can go back to any stage the project had ever been to to cover possible mistakes.

The project document is for developer, we have project brief introduction, for keeping the client abreast of the projct, as well as the project introduction ppt. And a detailed project plan, providing a fully, integrated description of the project. A project demo video, shows a vision of the game. A game detailed design, a mini game demo program, shall be executive of course. And other possible materials as well.

